clarify snowflake key pair private key requirement (#8344)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/deploy-environments.md

  - **Password**: password for the listed user
- If **Key Pair**:
  - **Username**: username to use (most likely a service account)

>   - **Private Key**: value of the Private SSH Key (optional in the UI, but required for key pair authentication at runtime)

Reviewer: writing out the full acronym per [style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#acronyms)

also, what is runtime in this meaning?

```suggestion
  - **Private Key**: value of the Private SSH Key (optional in the user interface, but required for key pair authentication when dbt runs)
```
